docs(website): add alert-dialog doc page (#1489)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/alert-dialog/index.mdx

        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Alert Dialog"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.COMPONENTS}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/components/alert-dialog"
  storybookUrl="/?path=/story/components-alert-dialog--alert-dialog-with-two-actions"
  data={props.data.allPasteComponent.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

<Callout>
  <CalloutTitle>Using alpha components in your product</CalloutTitle>
  <CalloutText>
    Alpha components are ready for use in production and components like Alert Dialog won't likely see any API changes.
    The term "Alpha" means there is only basic documentation at this time. Please share your experience using this Alpha
    component by{' '}
    <Anchor href="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions/new" showExternal>
      starting a discussion on GitHub
    </Anchor>
    .
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

## Guidelines

### About Alert Dialog

The Alert Dialog should be used when a user flow needs to be stopped unless a specific action is taken. It is used to convey

> important messages that can't be ignored like [Alert](/components/alert) content. Potential use-cases for Alert Dialog are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
important messages that can't be ignored like [Alert](/components/alert) content. Potential use cases for Alert Dialog are:
```

> The Alert Dialog should be used when a user flow needs to be stopped unless a specific action is taken. It is used to convey
> important messages that can't be ignored like [Alert](/components/alert) content. Potential use-cases for Alert Dialog are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alert Dialog should be used to interrupt a user flow until a specific action is taken. It is used to convey important messages that can't be ignored like [Alert](/components/alert) content. Potential use cases for Alert Dialog are:
```

> - Confirming a permanent change, like deleting user-made data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirming a permanent change, like deleting data
```

> - Confirming a permanent change, like deleting user-made data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirming a permanent change, like deleting data
```

- Relaying an important system message like a maintenance downtime window

> While visually similar to the [Modal](/components/modal), the Alert Dialog ensures the user acknowledges the information in the dialog.
> Users cannot interact with content outside an active Alert Dialog window until the user explicitly closes it.
> When the Alert Dialog opens, focus moves to an element contained in it (by default, the first element that can be focused),
> and the focus should stay in and cycle through the Alert Dialog's content. Focus shouldn't return
> to the underlying page until the user closes the Alert Dialog. This can happen in any of the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though it's visually similar to a [Modal](/components/modal), an Alert Dialog requires the user to acknowledge the information in the dialog.

Users cannot interact with content outside an active Alert Dialog window until the user explicitly closes it. When the Alert Dialog opens, focus moves to an element contained in it (by default, the first element that can be focused), and the focus should stay in and cycle through the Alert Dialog's content. Focus shouldn't return to the underlying page until the user closes the Alert Dialog. This can happen in any of the following ways:
```

- Presses a "Cancel" button in the Alert Dialog footer
- Presses a "Submit" or "Confirm" button in the Alert Dialog footer

### Accessibility

- All elements required to interact with the Alert Dialog, including closing or acknowledging it, are contained in the
  Alert Dialog since they trap focus, and users can't interact with the underlying page.

> - Tabbing through a Alert Dialog will cycle through its content in the same way it does on a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tabbing through an Alert Dialog will cycle through its content in the same way it does on a page.
```

- The element that serves as the Alert Dialog container has a role of `alertdialog`.
- The Alert Dialog is labelled by the `heading` prop.

## Examples

### Default Alert Dialog

<LivePreview scope={{AlertDialog, Button}} noInline>
  {defaultExample}
</LivePreview>

### Destructive Alert Dialog

<LivePreview scope={{AlertDialog, Button}} noInline>
  {destructiveExample}
</LivePreview>

> 

Reviewer: Can you add an example of an alert dialog being opened on top of a modal, like this story? https://5e53448165911c0022e68c74-lgvaybmuxb.chromatic.com/?path=/story/components-alert-dialog--open-alert-dialog-from-modal

Author: Sure thing. Example has been added.

## Anatomy

### General

| Property         | Default token            | Modifiable? |
| ---------------- | ------------------------ | ----------- |
| background-color | color-background-body    | No          |

> | border-color     | color-background-body    | No          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| border-color     | color-border-weak    | No          |
```

Reviewer: Looks like this is wrong on the Modal docs, too.

| border-radius    | border-radius-20         | No          |

> | drop-shadow      | shadow-card              | No          |

Reviewer: Can you update this and the actual token used to just `shadow`?

The shadow in Modal should use `shadow`, too, and at some point we should deprecate `shadow-card`...but that's for another PR.

Author: Fixed that in Modal and Alert Dialog, and on their doc pages.
